Prevent flood depths from being calculated in an S1 scene's no-data values. (#133)
ASFHyP3/asf-tools: CHANGELOG.md

    `asf_tools.hand.calculate` now accept an `acc_thresh` keyword argument
  * The `calculate_hand` console script entrypoint now accepts an `-a`/`--acc-threshold` argument 

### Fixed

> * Masking for water mask and perennial flood data for no data values outside of RTC VV raster bounds.

Author: ```suggestion
* `asf_tools.flood_map` now correctly removes perennial water from the flood depth GeoTIFFs
* `asf_tools.flood_map` no longer calculates water/flood depth outside of the  RTC VV acquisition footprint
```
